# Olo App Privacy Policy



1. General Olo application is a beta service (“Service”) provided by Nature Solutions Oy (“We” or “Us”). These terms of service (“Terms”) apply to customer’s (“You”) access to and use of the Service. These Terms are effective as of the date You first accept them (whether via an online click-through or a signed agreement or by using the Service). You cannot use the Service, if You are not able to form legally binding contracts (for example, if you are under 18 years old).
1. Beta Testing The Service is still in a testing phase, and therefore it is likely to contain errors. You agree that the Service is provided “as is” and “as available”. You assume all risks and all costs associated with your use of the Service, including, without limitation, any internet access fees, back-up expenses, costs incurred for the use of your device, and any damage to any equipment, software, information or data. You understand and agree that we may change, withdraw, terminate your access to, testing of and/or use of, or discontinue the Service (or any portion thereof) at any time and in our sole discretion, with or without notice to You. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Service will be subject to these Terms, which may be updated from time to time. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Service or any part thereof. You are encouraged to provide Us with feedback, including information pertaining to bugs, errors and malfunctions of the Service, performance of the Service, the Service’s compatibility and interoperability, and information on enhancements, changes or additions to the Service (“Feedback”). You agree not to disclose Feedback to any third party. 3. Intellectual Property Rights For the duration of the Terms, We grant to You a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable right to access and use the Service to test its functionality and provide feedback to Us. You may not rent, lease, distribute, or resell the Service, or use the Service as the basis for developing a competitive solution (or contract with a third party to do so), or remove or alter any of the logos, trademark, patent or copyright notices, confidentiality or proprietary legends or other notices or markings that are on or in the Service. You agree that We own all legal rights, title and interest in and to the Service, including all intellectual property rights, and except for the license provided herein, no other rights or permissions to the Service is granted. You hereby assign all right, title and interest in and to the Feedback to Us, including the right to make commercial use thereof, for any purpose We deem appropriate without any right to compensation or other obligation from us. 4. Privacy and Data Protection (“Privacy Policy”) applies to Your use of the Services. You acknowledge and agree that by participating in the beta testing or by using the Services, we collect and use your personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy. 5. Limitation of Liability Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage arising out of or relating to the use of the Service under these Terms. 6. Governing law and resolution of disputes These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Finland. If You are a consumer, please note that You cannot be deprived of the rights granted to You by the mandatory consumer protection laws of Your country of domicile. Disputes arising from these Terms shall be resolved by the competent courts of Finland. A consumer may, however, always institute proceedings in the competent court of his/her domicile. If You are domiciled in the EU, You and We may also use the ODR platform managed by the European Commission to settle disputes. This platform can be found at www.ec.europa.eu/odr. You may also refer a dispute to the consumer disputes board or other corresponding out-of-court institution in Your domicile (such as the Finnish Consumer Disputes Board, by first contacting the Consumer Advisory Service www.kkv.fi/kuluttajaneuvonta). Privacy Policy At Nature Solutions we are committed to ensuring that when you use our services, your personal data is processed carefully in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. We take responsibility for the personal data we collect about you, and we aim to be transparent about how we process it, and give you control over it. This privacy policy applies to Olo application which can be installed on an iOS or Android device. Olo is an application that enables you to self-reflect your mental and physical state and to experience immersive sound journeys, guided breathing and to interact with biofeedback signals. In this privacy policy you find information on:  ⦿ the contact details of data controller⦿ the types of personal data we process ⦿ the purpose we use your data and the legal grounds for processing⦿ the rights you have over your personal data  ⦿ the procedures that we have in place to protect data⦿ the retention periods of your data ⦿ the transfers and disclosures of your personal data⦿ the changes to this privacy policy Data controller and contact details Controller: Nature Solutions OyBusiness ID: 2872001-8 Address: Päivärinteentie 10 as. 1, 58180 IHAMANIEMI Email address: markus@naturesolutions.fi  3. Intellectual Property Rights For the duration of the Terms, We grant to You a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable right to access and use the Service to test its functionality and provide feedback to Us. You may not rent, lease, distribute, or resell the Service, or use the Service as the basis for developing a competitive solution (or contract with a third party to do so), or remove or alter any of the logos, trademark, patent or copyright notices, confidentiality or proprietary legends or other notices or markings that are on or in the Service. You agree that We own all legal rights, title and interest in and to the Service, including all intellectual property rights, and except for the license provided herein, no other rights or permissions to the Service is granted. You hereby assign all right, title and interest in and to the Feedback to Us, including the right to make commercial use thereof, for any purpose We deem appropriate without any right to compensation or other obligation from us.  Types of personal data we process We process the following categories of personal data: ⦿ Your user credentials, such as email address and password ⦿ Your interaction data, such as interactions with the features of the application, navigation state in the Olo application, feature-specific interactions, such as sound journey use or breathing assist use" ⦿ Your written feedback or your recorded audio feedback within the Olo application" ⦿ The device information your device, such as the model of the device and operating system version used ⦿ Error information in case of errors using the Olo application⦿ Time and date of occurrence of the aforementioned information ⦿ Any feedback provided by you The purpose of use and legal basis of processing Personal data is used for the following purposes: ⦿ to provide you with the Olo application and correct possible errors; ⦿ to enhance your user experience by providing recommendations for content; ⦿ to send you updates and marketing messages; ⦿ to invoice our services; ⦿ to develop the application and our business operations; and  ⦿ to ensure data security. Processing of personal data is based on:⦿ contract made with you on the use and testing of Olo application;  ⦿ our legitimate interest to develop the application and our business operations, to do marketing and to ensure data security;  ⦿ your consent to receive electronic marketing messages or push-notifications; or ⦿ our legal obligations, such as accounting obligations stemming from applicable legislation. Given the nature of processing and the choices available to your, we have assessed that your interests or fundamental rights or freedoms do not override the legitimate interest described above. You can, however, object processing based on legitimate interest at any time as described below.We do not make any automated decisions solely on automatic means which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. Your rights You have the following rights with respect to your personal data: ⦿ Right of access, rectification and erasure. You have the right to request access to your personal data we process. At your request we will also rectify any inaccurate, incomplete or outdated personal data relating to you. You also have the right to request your personal data to be erased (right to be forgotten) in accordance with applicable law.  ⦿ Right to object to data processing and right of restriction. You have the right to object to processing we carry out based on legitimate interest. You also have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data, for example, in case you object to processing as described above or contest the accuracy of your personal data.  ⦿ Withdrawal of consent.  You may withdraw consent you have given at any time by contacting us. Please note that withdrawing your consent does not affect the legality of the processing we have carried out prior to withdrawal.  ⦿ Data portability. You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to you or another controller when we process your data automatically on the basis of a contract or your consent.  ⦿ Right to lodge a complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority in case you feel that we have processed your personal data contrary to this privacy policy or the applicable legislation. Contact details of the Finnish supervisory authority can be found at www.tietosuoja.fi. Please email your request to email address shown in “Data controller and contact details”. Please note that we ask you to verify your identity when using your rights. Data security The personal data we process will be kept confidential. We have employed necessary technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal data against unlawful or unauthorised access, disclosure, loss and other unauthorised processing. These measures include, for example, use of firewalls, encryption technologies and secure facilities, appropriate access control, controlled grant of access rights and supervision of use of systems and properly instructing our personnel participating in the processing of personal data. Data retention We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for. As a main rule, we process your personal data as long as you use the Olo application and we will delete your personal data within 24 months of inactivity. Data needed for fulfilling legal obligations will be stored as long as the legal obligation persists.  Disclosure and transfer of personal data We do not sell your personal data to third parties or use your data for advertising. We may disclose your personal data to third parties in the following limited circumstances: ⦿ Authorities.  We may disclose personal data to authorities when we have a legal obligation to do so under applicable law. ⦿ Consent.  Based on your consent we may disclose your personal data within the limits of the specific consent you have given. ⦿ Business transactions. We may disclose your personal data in connection with a business transaction (such as a transfer of undertaking) to the other party/parties of the transaction, if and to the extent necessary.We use third parties to process your personal data on Nature Solutions’s behalf and under our instructions. We guarantee by contractual arrangements that personal data is processed in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.Personal data may only be transferred outside the territory of the Member States of the European Union or to the European Economic Area if the country concerned provides sufficient level of data protection and there are other applicable safeguards in place, such as Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission. Changes to this privacy policy Nature Solutions continuously develops its business and services, which is why we may occasionally need to make changes also to this privacy policy. We will inform you about any changes we make, either personally or through our services. We suggest that you check this page periodically. This privacy policy was created 01.10.2022
